
=begin html

<h1> <a href="http://www.atomicframeworks.com/BitTemplate">BitTemplate </a> - An HTML5 & CSS3 template with some jQuery spice</h1>
<br />
<br />
BitTemplate was designed and created from scratch using HTML5 and CSS3.  The initial layout was provided by a client, as a PSD file, with three special requests. <br/><br/>
1. I keep images and file sizes to a minimum. <br/>
2. Factor in graceful degradation, multi-browser support. <br/>
3. Remain as pixel true to the initial design as possible. <br/><br/>

Needless to say BitTemplate passed all tests with flying colors! <br/>
BitTemplate adheres to strict standards to allow for smooth cross browser support & graceful degradation in older browsers.  With performance in mind BitTemplates usage of images in layout is kept to a bare minimum by using a combination of elegant page structure and multiple CSS techniques. 
<br />
<br />
<b>Features</b>:
<br />
<blockquote>
<strong>Graceful Degradation:</strong>  The rich CSS3 will fallback cleanly for browsers that do not support it while still looking beautiful. <br/><br/>
<strong>Multi-browser Support:</strong>  BitTemplate looks amazing in Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer, and Opera. <br/><br/>
<strong>Pixel Perfection:</strong>  The layout is nearly identical to the image provided by the client. Please see clientRequest.png <br/><br/>
<strong>Fluid Design:</strong> The layout looks great at any resolution or zoom level. The fluidity also lends itself excellently to displaying on tablets & mobile devices. <br/><br/>
<strong>jQuery Goodness:</strong>  Elegant jQuery to enhance the feel of the page, notably the slideshow, e-mail input, submit button.
</blockquote>

=end html
